Modularize, update, and enhance user focus of the "Architecture" part of Planning_for_Project (#2607)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_content-and-patch-management-with-foreman.adoc

[id="Content-and-Patch-Management-with-{ProjectNameID}_{context}"]
= Content and Patch Management with {ProjectName}

With {ProjectName}, you can apply content and patches to managed hosts systematically in all lifecycle stages.
ifndef::katello,satellite,orcharhino[]
These features are provided by the Katello plug-in.
endif::[]

ifdef::katello,satellite,orcharhino[]

> Learn how {Project} simplifies content and patch management.
> For details on how to manage content with {Project}, see {ContentManagementDocURL}[_{ContentManagementDocTitle}_].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on how to manage content and patch with {Project}, see {ContentManagementDocURL}[_{ContentManagementDocTitle}_].
```
Keeping a bit straight.
